April CQA work for MTA 8.1 Release Notes DITA fixes (#356)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/release-notes-topics/ref_known-issues-8-0.adoc

= Known issues

[role="_abstract"]

> {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.0.0 has the following newly identified and previously known issues. Each known issue appears in all future release notes until resolved, at which point it becomes a fixed issue.

Reviewer: Apart from previously mentioned self-referential text, I also noticed that while this file, the previous one docs/topics/release-notes-topics/ref_known-issues-8-0-1.adoc, and the one after docs/topics/release-notes-topics/ref_known-issues-8-1-0.adoc list Known issues, the abstracts are slightly different. For consistent user experience, I'd recommend to unify all Known issues abstracts and repeat them from one version to the next one. Here is how I'd phrase it:

```suggestion
Understand how newly identified and previously known issues might affect your use of {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) 8.0.0, and how to work around them.

A known issue is listed in all future release notes until resolved, at which point it is published as a fixed issue.
```

Author: I disagree with "has" assuming a "self-referential" meaning here. The word "has" here conveys possessive meaning whereas demonstrative adjectives, for example "this xyz...", are self-referential.

> Review the following newly identified and previously known issues in {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.0.0. All future release notes list a known issue until resolved, at which point it appears as a fixed issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Understand how newly identified and previously known issues might affect your use of {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.0.0, and how to work around them.

A known issue is listed in all future release notes until resolved, at which point it is published as a fixed issue.
```
